[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[o:synonym:p:bitkit:r:cards]
file_filter  = src/utils/i18n/locales/<lang>/cards.json
source_file  = src/utils/i18n/locales/en/cards.json
source_lang  = en
type         = STRUCTURED_JSON

[o:synonym:p:bitkit:r:common]
file_filter  = src/utils/i18n/locales/<lang>/common.json
source_file  = src/utils/i18n/locales/en/common.json
source_lang  = en
type         = STRUCTURED_JSON

[o:synonym:p:bitkit:r:fee]
file_filter  = src/utils/i18n/locales/<lang>/fee.json
source_file  = src/utils/i18n/locales/en/fee.json
source_lang  = en
type         = STRUCTURED_JSON

[o:synonym:p:bitkit:r:lightning]
file_filter  = src/utils/i18n/locales/<lang>/lightning.json
source_file  = src/utils/i18n/locales/en/lightning.json
source_lang  = en
type         = STRUCTURED_JSON

[o:synonym:p:bitkit:r:onboarding]
file_filter  = src/utils/i18n/locales/<lang>/onboarding.json
source_file  = src/utils/i18n/locales/en/onboarding.json
source_lang  = en
type         = STRUCTURED_JSON

[o:synonym:p:bitkit:r:other]
file_filter  = src/utils/i18n/locales/<lang>/other.json
source_file  = src/utils/i18n/locales/en/other.json
source_lang  = en
type         = STRUCTURED_JSON

[o:synonym:p:bitkit:r:security]
file_filter  = src/utils/i18n/locales/<lang>/security.json
source_file  = src/utils/i18n/locales/en/security.json
source_lang  = en
type         = STRUCTURED_JSON

[o:synonym:p:bitkit:r:settingss]
file_filter  = src/utils/i18n/locales/<lang>/settings.json
source_file  = src/utils/i18n/locales/en/settings.json
source_lang  = en
type         = STRUCTURED_JSON

[o:synonym:p:bitkit:r:slashtags]
file_filter  = src/utils/i18n/locales/<lang>/slashtags.json
source_file  = src/utils/i18n/locales/en/slashtags.json
source_lang  = en
type         = STRUCTURED_JSON

[o:synonym:p:bitkit:r:wallet]
file_filter  = src/utils/i18n/locales/<lang>/wallet.json
source_file  = src/utils/i18n/locales/en/wallet.json
source_lang  = en
type         = STRUCTURED_JSON
